To add a new color space for the backend to generate, you first have to modify the model "Color" under colors/models.py file. The model Color has a field called "choices" where you need to add the new type of color space. After adding the new type of color space, you need to add a new condition under the generate_random_color function inside the Color model where you extend the nested ifs with a new condition to align the parameters and format it accordingly (You can check the previous implementations for RGB and HSL as a template on adding a new color space onto the model). If your color space would either only have a range of a byte or percentage, existing functions from the utils tool such as random_byte and random_percentage should allow you to generate those random values for you. Otherwise, there is also a function random_number with a parameter of max that would allow you to generate a random number from 0 to max. Once that's done then the API endpoint GET: api/colors/get-colors/ should be able to generate your newly added color space.

Once the update for backend is done, if the color space you're adding is supported by the CSS color type, you don't need to update the frontend code further as the formatting function from the backend would format the generated color specifically as to how the functions from the CSS' Color is implemented. In the event that the newly color space type isn't naturally supported by CSS' Color functions, you'll have to implement a converter on the frontend to turn the returned values into something the CSS' Color functions would recognize. This all can be added under the App.js file where you can write the converter function inside the App function, then call said function inside the setJsonObject useState function being called (line 25). Once the returned values are converted into acceptable CSS' Color functions, then it should render the color accordingly.